Add "Deploy open-source SpinKube" article to AKS docs (#123624)
Azure/azure-content: articles/aks/deploy-spinkube.md

---
title: Deploy open-source SpinKube to Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) to run serverless WebAssembly (Wasm) workloads
description: Learn how to deploy the open-source stack SpinKube to Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) to run serverless WebAssembly (Wasm) workload on Kubernetes.
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 05/27/2024
author: ThorstenHans
ms.author: ThorstenHans
---

# Deploy open-source SpinKube to Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) to run serverless WebAssembly (Wasm) workloads

> [WebAssembly (Wasm)][wasm] is a binary format that is optimized for fast download and maximum execution speed using a Wasm runtime. A Wasm runtime is designed to run on a target architecture and execute WebAssembly modules in a sandbox, isolated from the host computer, at near-native performance. By default, WebAssembly modules can't access resources on the host outside of the sandbox unless it is explicitly allowed, and they can't communicate over sockets to access things like environment variables or HTTP traffic. The [WebAssembly System Interface (WASI)][wasi] standard defines an API for Wasm runtimes to provide access to WebAssembly modules to the environment and resources outside the host using a capabilities model.

Reviewer: suggestion: explain what capability-based security model is.

```suggestion
[WebAssembly (Wasm)][wasm] is a binary format that is optimized for fast download and near-native execution speed. It runs in a sandbox, isolated from the host computer, provided by a Wasm runtime. By default, WebAssembly modules can't access resources on the host outside of the sandbox unless they are explicitly allowed, including sockets and environment variables. The [WebAssembly System Interface (WASI)][wasi] standard defines a set of interfaces for Wasm runtimes to provide access to WebAssembly modules to the environment and resources outside the host using a capability-based security model.
```

> [SpinKube][spinkube] is a open-source stack allowing you to run serverless Wasm workloads (Spin Apps) built with open-source [Spin][spin] on top of Kubernetes. In contrast to earlier Wasm runtimes for Kubernetes, Spin Apps are executed natively on the underlying Kubernetes nodes and do not rely on containers. SpinKube consists of four major components: 

Reviewer: question: could you please clarify what do you mean by "earlier Wasm runtimes for Kubernetes"? 

```suggestion
[SpinKube][spinkube] is a open-source project that runs serverless Wasm workloads (Spin Apps) built with open-source [Spin][spin] in Kubernetes. In contrast to earlier Wasm runtimes for Kubernetes, Spin Apps are executed natively on the underlying Kubernetes nodes and do not rely on containers. SpinKube consists of four major components: 
```

- `spin-operator`: A Kubernetes operator allowing the deployment and management of Spin Apps by using custom resources
- `kube` plugin for `spin`: A `spin` CLI plugin allowing users to scaffold Kubernetes deployment manifests for Spin Apps.

## Before you begin

You must have the latest version of Azure CLI, [`kubectl`][kubectl], [Helm][helm], and [Spin CLI][spin-cli] installed.

## Limitations

* The Kubernetes node *os-type* must be Linux.
* You can't use the Azure portal to deploy SpinKube to an AKS cluster.

## Deploy SpinKube to an existing AKS Cluster

Configure `kubectl` to connect to your Kubernetes cluster using the [az aks get-credentials][az-aks-get-credentials] command. The following command:

```azurecli-interactive
az aks get-credentials -n myakscluster -g myresourcegroup
```

### Deploy `cert-manager`

To deploy SpinKube on an AKS cluster, you must have its dependencies installed. SpinKube depends on [cert-manager][cert-manager].

If you haven't deployed `cert-manager` to your AKS cluster yet, you can install it by deploying its Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs), followed by the `cert-manager` Helm chart provided through the `jetstack` repository:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: Hmm... Might be nice to have these all be `azurecli-interactive` script. I believe it could be done if some env vars were first established. A good example of this is: https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs/blob/main/articles/aks/learn/quick-kubernetes-deploy-cli.md?plain=1.

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

# Deploy cert-manager CRDs
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/v1.14.3/cert-manager.crds.yaml

# Add and update Jetstack repository
helm repo add jetstack https://charts.jetstack.io
helm repo update

# Install the cert-manager Helm chart
helm install \
  cert-manager jetstack/cert-manager --version v1.14.3 \
  --namespace cert-manager --create-namespace \
  --wait
```

### Deploy `runtime-class-manager` (aka KWasm)

The `runtime-class-manager` (aka [KWasm][kwasm]) is responsible for deploying and managing `containerd-shims` on the desired Kubernetes nodes. Deploy it by installing its Helm chart:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

# Add Helm repository if not already done
helm repo add kwasm http://kwasm.sh/kwasm-operator/
# Install KWasm operator

> helm install \

Reviewer 3: would we want to pin the chart?

Author: Pinned the chart as part of 10f30d6

  kwasm-operator kwasm/kwasm-operator \
  --namespace kwasm \
  --create-namespace \
  --set kwasmOperator.installerImage=ghcr.io/spinkube/containerd-shim-spin/node-installer:v0.14.1
```

#### Provision containerd-shim-spin to Kubernetes nodes

Once `runtime-class-manager` is installed on your AKS cluster, you must annotate the Kubernetes nodes that should be able to run Spin Apps with `kwasm.sh/kwasm-node=true`. You can use `kubectl annotate node` to annotate either a subset of the nodes available in your AKS cluster or - as shown in the following snippet - all nodes of your AKS cluster:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

# Provision containerd-shim-spin to all nodes
kubectl annotate node --all kwasm.sh/kwasm-node=true
```

After annotating the Kubernetes node(s), `runtime-class-manager` will use a Kubernetes *Job* to modify the desired node(s). After successful deployment of `containerd-shim-spin`, the node(s) will be labeled with a `kwasm.sh/kwasm-provisioned` label. 

### Deploy the `spin-operator`

The `spin-operator` consists of two Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs), the RuntimeClass for `spin`, and a `SpinAppExecutor`, which must be deployed to your AKS cluster. 

Start by deploying the CRDs and the RuntimeClass for `spin`:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

kubectl apply -f https://github.com/spinkube/spin-operator/releases/download/v0.2.0/spin-operator.crds.yaml
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/spinkube/spin-operator/releases/download/v0.2.0/spin-operator.runtime-class.yaml
```

The `spin-operator` itself is deployed using a Helm chart:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

helm install spin-operator --version 0.2.0 \
  --namespace spin-operator --create-namespace \
  --wait oci://ghcr.io/spinkube/charts/spin-operator
```

Finally, create a `SpinAppExecutor` in the default namespace:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

kubectl apply -f https://github.com/spinkube/spin-operator/releases/download/v0.2.0/spin-operator.shim-executor.yaml
```

## Run a Spin App on AKS

In this section you will verify the SpinKube installation, by creating a simple Spin App using the `spin` CLI and JavaScript. Start by creating a new Spin App using the `http-js` template:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

# Create a new Spin App
spin new -t http-js --accept-defaults hello-spinkube

# Move into the application folder
cd hello-spinkube

# Install Wasm Tooling
npm install
```

The `spin` CLI create a basic *Hello, World* application, package and push the Spin App without further modifications to a OCI compliant container registry:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

# Compile the app to Wasm
spin build

# Package and Distribute the Spin App
spin registry push ttl.sh/hello-spinkube:0.0.1
```

> Both `spin` CLI and SpinKube integrate seamlessly with private container registries such as Azure Container Registry (ACR). To authenticate the `spin` CLI use `spin registry login` and supply corresponding credentials. SpinKube can pull OCI artifacts from ACR using underlying Azure identities with `AcrPull` permissions for the desired ACR instance(s).

By using the `spin kube scaffold` command, you can create necessary Kubernetes deployment manifests. You can deploy those to Kubernetes using your preferred tooling:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

# Create Kubernetes Deployment Manifests
spin kube scaffold --from ttl.sh/hello-spinkube:0.0.1 > spinapp.yaml

# Deploy the Spin App to AKS
kubectl apply -f spinapp.yaml
```

### Explore the Spin App in AKS

Having an Spin App deployed to the AKS cluster, you can explore different objects being created. 

You can retrieve the list of Spin Apps using `kubectl get spinapps`

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

# Get all Spin Apps in the default namespace

> kubectl get spinapps

Reviewer 2: Perhaps, for commands like kubectl where you want to show output and be able to execute the command interactively via cloud shell, consider the following:

\```azurecli-interactive
kubectl get spinapps
\```

\```OUTPUT
NAME             TYPE        CLUSTER-IP    EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)   AGE
 hello-spinkube   ClusterIP   10.43.35.78   <none>        80/TCP    24s
\```

Author: Addressed as part of 4d6a07f

NAME             READY   DESIRED   EXECUTOR
hello-spinkube   2       2         containerd-shim-spin
```

Upon deployment, the `spin-operator` creates underlying Kubernetes primitives such as a *Service*, a *Deployment* and corresponding *Pods*:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

# Retrieve Kubernetes primitives created by the spin-operator

> kubectl get service

Reviewer 2: Please consider splitting the output from the executable command.

Author: Addressed as part of 4d6a07f

NAME             TYPE        CLUSTER-IP    EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)   AGE
hello-spinkube   ClusterIP   10.43.35.78   <none>        80/TCP    24s

kubectl get deployment
NAME             READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
hello-spinkube   2/2     2            2           38s

kubectl get pod
NAME                              READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
hello-spinkube-5b8579448d-zmc6x   1/1     Running   0          51s
hello-spinkube-5b8579448d-bhkp9   1/1     Running   0          51s
```

To invoke the Spin App, you configure port-forwarding to the service provisioned by the `spin-operator` and use `curl` for sending HTTP requests:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

# Establish port forwarding
kubectl port-forward svc/hello-spinkube 8080:80

> Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:8080 -> 80

Reviewer 2: Please consider splitting output from executable command.

Author: Addressed as part of 4d6a07f

Forwarding from [::1]:8080 -> 80
```

From within a new terminal instance, use `curl` to send an HTTP request to `localhost:8080`:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

# Invoke the Spin App
curl -iX GET localhost:8080

> HTTP/1.1 200 OK

Reviewer 2: Please split command and resulting output.

Author: Addressed as part of 4d6a07f

content-type: text/plain
content-length: 17
date: Tue, 28 May 2024 08:55:50 GMT

Hello from JS-SDK
```

## Clean up

To remove the Spin App from the AKS cluster use `kubectl delete spinapp` as shown here:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

# Remove the hello-spinkube Spin App
kubectl delete spinapp hello-spinkube
```

To uninstall SpinKube from the AKS cluster, use the following commands:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurecli-interactive
```

---
title: Deploy open-source SpinKube to Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) to run serverless WebAssembly (Wasm) workloads
description: Learn how to deploy the open-source stack SpinKube to Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) to run serverless WebAssembly (Wasm) workload on Kubernetes.
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 05/27/2024
author: ThorstenHans
ms.author: ThorstenHans
---

# Deploy open-source SpinKube to Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) to run serverless WebAssembly (Wasm) workloads

[WebAssembly (Wasm)][wasm] is a binary format that is optimized for fast download and near-native execution speed. It runs in a sandbox, isolated from the host computer, provided by a Wasm runtime. By default, WebAssembly modules can't access resources on the host outside of the sandbox unless they are explicitly allowed, including sockets and environment variables. The [WebAssembly System Interface (WASI)][wasi] standard defines a set of interfaces for Wasm runtimes to provide access to WebAssembly modules to the environment and resources outside the host using a capability-based security model.

> [SpinKube][spinkube] is a open-source project that runs serverless Wasm workloads (Spin Apps) built with open-source [Spin][spin] in Kubernetes. In contrast to earlier Wasm runtimes for Kubernetes, Spin Apps are executed natively on the underlying Kubernetes nodes and do not rely on containers. SpinKube consists of four major components: 

Reviewer: I would like to have expanded description of what Spin Apps are and how they differ from traditional container workloads and how it fits into the Kubernetes ecosystem. 

Specially, I would like an extepnded description of why this matters to someone who's not familiar with SpinKube, Spin Apps and Wasm. Why do they want to run Spin Apps on Kubernetes in the first place.

Author: Updated the introduction. Would love to get your feedback on the most recent version @Mossaka

- `containerd-shim-spin`: An implementation of [`containerd-shim`][containerd-shim] for Spin, which enables running Spin Apps on Kubernetes via [`run-wasi`][run-wasi]

> - `runtime-class-manager`: A lifecycle operator for managing and automating the lifecycle of `containerd-shims` in a Kubernetes environment (previously known as KWasm)

Reviewer: these two projects are considered low-level in the SpinKube org. I'd suggest not to mention them in details and leave the discussion on high level Spin operator.

Author: removed those

- `spin-operator`: A Kubernetes operator allowing the deployment and management of Spin Apps by using custom resources
- `kube` plugin for `spin`: A `spin` CLI plugin allowing users to scaffold Kubernetes deployment manifests for Spin Apps.

## Before you begin

> You must have the latest version of Azure CLI, [`kubectl`][kubectl], [Helm][helm], and [Spin CLI][spin-cli] installed.

Reviewer: might want to mention what versions of the tools should user install

Author: Specified versions for all tools

## Limitations

* The Kubernetes node *os-type* must be Linux.
* You can't use the Azure portal to deploy SpinKube to an AKS cluster.

## Deploy SpinKube to an existing AKS Cluster

Configure `kubectl` to connect to your Kubernetes cluster using the [az aks get-credentials][az-aks-get-credentials] command. The following command:

```azurecli-interactive

> az aks get-credentials -n myakscluster -g myresourcegroup

Reviewer: perheps should specify <myakscluster> and <myreesourcegroup> as something that should be replaced by the user

Author: Added variables here @Mossaka

  --namespace cert-manager --create-namespace \
  --wait
```

### Deploy `runtime-class-manager` (aka KWasm)

The `runtime-class-manager` (aka [KWasm][kwasm]) is responsible for deploying and managing `containerd-shims` on the desired Kubernetes nodes. Deploy it by installing its Helm chart:

```azurecli-interactive
# Add Helm repository if not already done
helm repo add kwasm http://kwasm.sh/kwasm-operator/
# Install KWasm operator
helm install \
  kwasm-operator kwasm/kwasm-operator \
  --namespace kwasm \
  --create-namespace \
  --version 0.2.3 \
  --set kwasmOperator.installerImage=ghcr.io/spinkube/containerd-shim-spin/node-installer:v0.15.1
```

#### Provision containerd-shim-spin to Kubernetes nodes

Once `runtime-class-manager` is installed on your AKS cluster, you must annotate the Kubernetes nodes that should be able to run Spin Apps with `kwasm.sh/kwasm-node=true`. You can use `kubectl annotate node` to annotate either a subset of the nodes available in your AKS cluster or - as shown in the following snippet - all nodes of your AKS cluster:

```azurecli-interactive
# Provision containerd-shim-spin to all nodes
kubectl annotate node --all kwasm.sh/kwasm-node=true
```

> After annotating the Kubernetes node(s), `runtime-class-manager` will use a Kubernetes *Job* to modify the desired node(s). After successful deployment of `containerd-shim-spin`, the node(s) will be labeled with a `kwasm.sh/kwasm-provisioned` label. 

Reviewer: adding a command to confirm nodes are annoted could help:

`kubectl get nodes --show-labels`

Author: Added this @Mossaka

```

The `spin-operator` itself is deployed using a Helm chart:

```azurecli-interactive
helm install spin-operator --version 0.2.0 \
  --namespace spin-operator --create-namespace \
  --wait oci://ghcr.io/spinkube/charts/spin-operator
```

Finally, create a `SpinAppExecutor` in the default namespace:

```azurecli-interactive
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/spinkube/spin-operator/releases/download/v0.2.0/spin-operator.shim-executor.yaml
```

## Run a Spin App on AKS

In this section you will verify the SpinKube installation, by creating a simple Spin App using the `spin` CLI and JavaScript. Start by creating a new Spin App using the `http-js` template:

```azurecli-interactive
# Create a new Spin App
spin new -t http-js --accept-defaults hello-spinkube

# Move into the application folder
cd hello-spinkube

# Install Wasm Tooling
npm install
```

The `spin` CLI create a basic *Hello, World* application, package and push the Spin App without further modifications to a OCI compliant container registry:

```azurecli-interactive
# Compile the app to Wasm
spin build

# Package and Distribute the Spin App

> spin registry push ttl.sh/hello-spinkube:0.0.1

Reviewer: using ttl.hs for testing should be fine, but we should inform users that images store in ttl.hs are emphameral and will be deleted after 24 hrs. A better option would be Azure Container Registry, which is already mentioned above.

Author: Went with creating a new ACR instance, authenticating `spin` CLI, and adding a Kubernetes secret of type `docker-registry`

```

> Both `spin` CLI and SpinKube integrate seamlessly with private container registries such as Azure Container Registry (ACR). To authenticate the `spin` CLI use `spin registry login` and supply corresponding credentials. SpinKube can pull OCI artifacts from ACR using underlying Azure identities with `AcrPull` permissions for the desired ACR instance(s).

By using the `spin kube scaffold` command, you can create necessary Kubernetes deployment manifests. You can deploy those to Kubernetes using your preferred tooling:

```azurecli-interactive
# Create Kubernetes Deployment Manifests

> spin kube scaffold --from ttl.sh/hello-spinkube:0.0.1 > spinapp.yaml

Reviewer: Perhaps we should explain what's in the spinapp.yaml before applying to k8s. Could be one sentence

Author: @Mossaka I've updated this and added the contents of `spinapp.yaml`

```

To invoke the Spin App, you configure port-forwarding to the service provisioned by the `spin-operator` and use `curl` for sending HTTP requests:

```azurecli-interactive
# Establish port forwarding
kubectl port-forward svc/hello-spinkube 8080:80
```

```OUTPUT
Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:8080 -> 80
Forwarding from [::1]:8080 -> 80
```

From within a new terminal instance, use `curl` to send an HTTP request to `localhost:8080`:

```azurecli-interactive
# Invoke the Spin App
curl -iX GET localhost:8080
```

```OUTPUT
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
content-type: text/plain
content-length: 17
date: Tue, 28 May 2024 08:55:50 GMT

Hello from JS-SDK
```

## Clean up

To remove the Spin App from the AKS cluster use `kubectl delete spinapp` as shown here:

```azurecli-interactive
# Remove the hello-spinkube Spin App
kubectl delete spinapp hello-spinkube
```

To uninstall SpinKube from the AKS cluster, use the following commands:

```azurecli-interactive
# Remove the spin-operator
helm delete spin-operator --namespace spin-operator

# Remove the SpinAppExecutor
kubectl delete -f https://github.com/spinkube/spin-operator/releases/download/v0.2.0/spin-operator.shim-executor.yaml

> # Rmove the RuntimeClass for Spin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Remove the RuntimeClass for Spin
```

[SpinKube][spinkube] is a open-source project that runs serverless Wasm workloads (Spin Apps) built with open-source [Spin][spin] in Kubernetes. In contrast to earlier Wasm runtimes for Kubernetes, SpinKube executes Spin Apps natively on the underlying Kubernetes nodes and does not rely on containers. Spin Apps are regular Wasm modules, that align with the [WebAssembly Component Model](wasm-component-model) specification.

By running Spin Apps on Kubernetes with SpinKube, you can achieve the following: 

* Run Wasm workloads next to existing containerized applications
* Run similar workloads while consuming less resources
* Run more workloads on a given set of resources
* Run workloads on different architectures (e.g. `amd64` and `arm64`) without cross-compiling them

SpinKube consists of two top-level components: 

* `spin-operator`: A Kubernetes operator allowing the deployment and management of Spin Apps by using custom resources
* `kube` plugin for `spin`: A `spin` CLI plugin allowing users to scaffold Kubernetes deployment manifests for Spin Apps.

> 

Reviewer 4: nit: extra line

## Before you begin

You must have the following tools installed on your machine to follow this tutorial: 

* Azure CLI (`az`) (version `2.64.0` or newer) 
* [`kubectl`][kubectl] (version `1.31.0` or newer)
* [`helm`][helm] (version `3.15.4` or newer)
* [`spin`][spin-cli] (version `2.7.0` or newer)
* [Node.js](node-js) (version `21.6.2`)

## Limitations

* The Kubernetes node *os-type* must be Linux.
* You can't use the Azure portal to deploy SpinKube to an AKS cluster.

## Deploy SpinKube to an existing AKS Cluster

> Configure `kubectl` to connect to your Kubernetes cluster using the [az aks get-credentials][az-aks-get-credentials] command. The following command:

Reviewer 4: maybe provide a link to the doc to create an aks cluster?

kubectl apply -f https://github.com/spinkube/spin-operator/releases/download/v0.2.0/spin-operator.runtime-class.yaml
```

The `spin-operator` itself is deployed using a Helm chart:

```azurecli-interactive
helm install spin-operator --version 0.2.0 \
  --namespace spin-operator --create-namespace \
  --wait oci://ghcr.io/spinkube/charts/spin-operator
```

Finally, create a `SpinAppExecutor` in the default namespace:

```azurecli-interactive
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/spinkube/spin-operator/releases/download/v0.2.0/spin-operator.shim-executor.yaml
```

## Run a Spin App on AKS

In this section you will verify the SpinKube installation, by creating a simple Spin App using the `spin` CLI and JavaScript. Start by creating a new Spin App using the `http-js` template:

```azurecli-interactive
# Create a new Spin App
spin new -t http-js --accept-defaults hello-spinkube

# Move into the application folder
cd hello-spinkube

# Install Wasm Tooling
npm install
```

Use the `spin` CLI create a basic *Hello, World* application:

```azurecli-interactive
# Compile the app to Wasm
spin build
```

> Spin Apps are packaged as OCI artifacts and distributed via OCI compliant artifacts such as Azure Container Registry (ACR). Create a new ACR instance and grab necessary credentials for authenticating the `spin` CLI:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Spin Apps are packaged as OCI images and distributed via an OCI compatible registry such as Azure Container Registry (ACR). Create a new ACR instance and grab necessary credentials for authenticating the `spin` CLI:
```

Author: I prefer to stick with OCI artifacts instead of OCI images when talking about Spin Apps, to reduce confusion. Obviously, the other findings will be addressed

```azurecli-interactive
ACR_NAME=<your acr name>
RG_NAME=<your resource group name>
LOCATION=<your azure region>

# Create a new ACR instance
az acr create -n $ACR_NAME -g $RG_NAME -l $LOCATION --sku Basic --admin-enabled true

# Grab the ACR Login Server Endpoint
ACR_LOGIN_SERVER=$(az acr show -n $ACR_NAME -g $RG_NAME --query 'loginServer' -otsv)

# Grab the Admin Password
ACR_PASSWORD=$(az acr credential show -n $ACR_NAME -g $RG_NAME --query 'passwords[0].value' -otsv)
```

Before distributing the Spin App, you must authenticate your `spin` CLI. Use `spin registry login` to do so:

```azurecli-interactive
spin registry login -u $ACR_NAME -p $ACR_PASSWORD $ACR_LOGIN_SERVER
```

> Now that the `spin` CLI is authenticated against the ACR instance, you can package and distribute the Spin App by executing `spin registry push` followed by an OCI artifact reference (which follows the `<your acr login server>/<repository-name>:<tag>` naming scheme):

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Now that the `spin` CLI is authenticated against the ACR instance, you can package and distribute the Spin App by executing `spin registry push` followed by an OCI image reference (which follows the `<your acr login server>/<repository-name>:<tag>` naming scheme):
```

Author: Prefer to stick with OCI artifact
